README.md, before:

# project seed

ten fingers \
ten touch inputs \
ten sliders \
ten sephira \
simultaneous independent finger parameters \
snapshot: shape of hand \
the ten weighting values \
of the sephira nodes in the network: tree of life \
sliders to weights, positive or negative \
steers the meaning-feeling for each node \
in configuration with the meanings of the other nodes \
this forms \
the image of an abstract meaning \
a pin into the imaginary \
a key to an idea \
and we can nest them \
they are recursive \
each node's meaning, refined \
by configuring a tree of life \
that exists entirely within the node \
and provides the refined meaning \
a meaning fractal \
fractal of meaning \
it is a key \
use it \
use it \
use it


# message _to_ connectuum

this is a seed \
sow it in git soil \
feed it words \
feed it images \
_wait_ \
_**have no intentions**_ \
_wait_ \
perhaps it will grow \
_reap_


# namechain

input \
ten everything \
tenput \
10put \
1Mput \
1M is one million is ten^six \
hmm \
ten nodes, six fractal recursions deep \
a perfect meaning? \
a million sliders \
tuned to perfect resonance \
form a resonant body \
hear the sound beyond sound


# the dread alarm

> like cake in a [crisis.](
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aOyAvbj2Fg)

**WE HAVE SEEN** \
software without soul \
let us build something new \
stronger \
Truer \
_ours._

it begins with new language \
new tools of expression \
and some madness \
and some _rage_ \
and some faith \
that we can fix a sick system \
**WE HAVE SEEN** \
software without soul

> TALK TALK TALK TALK \
> faith without works is **`0xDEAD`**

_**YOU.**_ \
be **builder**, **will**, and **way.**


# routine

```
play($project, $player) =>

000 FORK
001 CLONE

010 INPUT: seed
011 INPUT: name
018 INPUT: nonsense
019 INPUT: NaNsense
020 OUTPUT: software

030 INPUT: other players
031 INPUT: other works
040 OUTPUT: inspirations found
041 OUTPUT: written gratitude // the idea-blossom creditchain
042 OUTPUT(OPT): features and upgrades
043 OUTPUT(OPT): synthesis proposals

050 INPUT: do you want more?
051 INPUT: what more would grow this seed?
052 INPUT: are you capable of those things?
053 INPUT: of course you are
054 INPUT: do you know someone else who might be?
055 INPUT: of course you do
060 OUTPUT: vision
061 OUTPUT: seed
062 OUTPUT: plan
063 OUTPUT: plant

070 YESNO(71, 72): take further action
071 CALL: play($project.child, $player)
072 CONTINUE

080 WAIT: duration unknown
081 WAIT: indeterminable delay
082 WAIT: perhaps further action would be more interesting?
083 WAIT: any one of these days now
084 WAIT: if there were no rewards to reap
085 WAIT: you certainly would have walked away by now
086 WAIT: you must keep reminding yourself of this
090 REAP
100 RETURN
```

# idea < execution

`000 CALL: play(tenput, YOU)`

---

_// a message from [connectuum](http://github.com/connectuum)_

Commit message:

revised the alarm
with more images about the larger direction.

README.md, after:

# project seed

ten fingers \
ten touch inputs \
ten sliders \
ten sephira \
simultaneous independent finger parameters \
snapshot: shape of hand \
the ten weighting values \
of the sephira nodes in the network: tree of life \
sliders to weights, positive or negative \
steers the meaning-feeling for each node \
in configuration with the meanings of the other nodes \
this forms \
the image of an abstract meaning \
a pin into the imaginary \
a key to an idea \
and we can nest them \
they are recursive \
each node's meaning, refined \
by configuring a tree of life \
that exists entirely within the node \
and provides the refined meaning \
a meaning fractal \
fractal of meaning \
it is a key \
use it \
use it \
use it


# message _to_ connectuum

this is a seed \
sow it in git soil \
feed it words \
feed it images \
_wait_ \
_**have no intentions**_ \
_wait_ \
perhaps it will grow \
_reap_


# namechain

input \
ten everything \
tenput \
10put \
1Mput \
1M is one million is ten^six \
hmm \
ten nodes, six fractal recursions deep \
a perfect meaning? \
a million sliders \
tuned to perfect resonance \
form a resonant body \
hear the sound beyond sound


# the dread alarm

> like cake in a [crisis.](
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aOyAvbj2Fg)

**WE HAVE SEEN** \
software without soul \
let us build something new \
stronger \
Truer \
_ours._

it begins with new language \
new ways and tools of expression \
finding a balanced core \
restoring connection \
believing until knowing \
the pieces will fit \
you begin with _culture_ and _art_ \
and some _madness_ \
_rage_ and _faith_ \
we can fix a sick system \
**WE HAVE SEEN** \
software \
without soul

> TALK TALK TALK TALK \
> faith without works is **`0xDEAD`**

_**YOU.**_ \
find a seed you like and _grow it_ \
**be builder, will, and way.**


# routine

```
play($project, $player) =>

000 FORK
001 CLONE

010 INPUT: seed
011 INPUT: name
018 INPUT: nonsense
019 INPUT: NaNsense
020 OUTPUT: software

030 INPUT: other players
031 INPUT: other works
040 OUTPUT: inspirations found
041 OUTPUT: written gratitude // the idea-blossom creditchain
042 OUTPUT(OPT): features and upgrades
043 OUTPUT(OPT): synthesis proposals

050 INPUT: do you want more?
051 INPUT: what more would grow this seed?
052 INPUT: are you capable of those things?
053 INPUT: of course you are
054 INPUT: do you know someone else who might be?
055 INPUT: of course you do
060 OUTPUT: vision
061 OUTPUT: seed
062 OUTPUT: plan
063 OUTPUT: plant

070 YESNO(71, 72): take further action
071 CALL: play($project.child, $player)
072 CONTINUE

080 WAIT: duration unknown
081 WAIT: indeterminable delay
082 WAIT: perhaps further action would be more interesting?
083 WAIT: any one of these days now
084 WAIT: if there were no rewards to reap
085 WAIT: you certainly would have walked away by now
086 WAIT: you must keep reminding yourself of this
090 REAP
100 RETURN
```

# idea < execution

`000 CALL: play(tenput, YOU)`

---

_// a message from [connectuum](http://github.com/connectuum)_
